Now, let's take a look at the Smart Contract architecture
for the exercises we are going to be working on today.
So what you've seen here is the big picture of the Smart Contract we are building.
On the left, you see the Smart Contract and there
are three key functions that we want to address here.
The first one is register Oracle.
So in our smart contract,
we have a process by which an Oracle must first register itself.
Now, in the code that you're going to work with today,
we require the Oracle to pay a fee in order to register as
a deterrent to have Oracles that intend to do malicious harm to the Smart Contract.
Having a prepayment necessary is a form of a stake.
So the Oracle that registers itself
for working with the Smart Contract has to provide one ether,
and the ether can be used for different purposes.
It could perhaps be used by the Smart Contract as a bounty.
But for today's exercise,
we'll just accept those funds and do nothing else with them.
So that's the first step in the process the Oracle or Oracles.
That's what the, and there represents,
that there could be many of them and, in fact,
you want many of them as we discussed earlier in
order to minimize the trust you have to place on any single one.
So the first step is to register.
At which point, the register Oracle Function immediately returns
three random integers to the Oracle ranging from 0-9.
Now, this is a technique that we are going to use in the contract today.
It doesn't necessarily mean it's the only way,
it's in order to help you understand,
how you could randomize Oracle participation and how you could
ensure that Oracles cannot necessarily see each other's work.
So by providing these index values to the Oracle what it does is it tells each Oracle,
here are some keys.
So you can think of the index values as keys,
and you should only respond to requests for data when your key is part of that request.
So you might have a 100 Oracles,
but your index that you might use for a particular request might be five,
and what that means is only the Oracles that have
an index value of five should be the ones responding.
So that's the first interaction back and forth register Oracle,
the Oracle gets added to the Smart Contract,
and the Smart Contract responds by giving the oracle three random values.
The next step is fetched flight status.
As I've mentioned several times,
we are working at the end of this course and the final lesson on the project,
that's called Flight Shorty, about flight insurance.
So I thought it would be a good idea to
introduce the concept of fetching the status of flight,
departure, and arrival information.
So while we are not interacting with external APIs today,
we're still building up to that point by having a function that
simulates fetching whether a flight departed or arrived on time.
So with this particular function,
it's the trigger for starting
the Oracle life-cycle after the registration process has completed.
The registration processes a onetime thing so you won't see again.
The way the fetch flight status function would be triggered is by a client application.
So it might be in the application that you have reached a point where you know
the time at which a flight was supposed to depart has elapsed
and so you can now go and fetch the flight status from an external entity.
Now, ordinarily, if you had a web app it would be trivial,
you would create a call using HTTP to
a rest API and fetched the data
assuming the license key and other things had been taking care of.
You cannot do that in your Smart Contract. So how do you deal with it?
Well, Smart Contracts do have a very nice mechanism for
communicating with the outside world and that is in the form of asynchronous events.
So the way it works is that your fetch flight status function would trigger an event,
would emit specifically an event and in that,
you would submit a request for a specific flight.
As I mentioned earlier,
a random index so that only a subset of all the oracles would process that request.
So fetch flight status emits an event,
event contains information about which flight,
data is being sought.
Oracle's, once they have registered should in
theory be watching and monitoring for those events.
So once they see that event occur on the Blockchain,
they look at the log data and they see that the flight data that's requested.
They see the index that's requested,
and the third step in the process is the Oracle checks to any of
my indexes that I was assigned when I registered match the index that is desired.
If there is a match, it means the Oracle should now process
that request and fetch the flight data that is requested.
So what happens beyond the boundary of that
Oracle is outside the purview of the Smart Contract,
but what really happens is that it's got an API and it calls an API and fetches the data.
So once that data is back,
now the Oracle has to communicate that data
back to the Smart Contract and that's where the third entity on the left,
the submit Oracle response function comes into play.
So the Oracle now submits the response to the Smart Contract.
Now, this is the point at which the Smart Contract has to do some validation.
Is this a legitimate Oracle that is communicating,
is this an Oracle that is communicating the right data,
is this one of the oracles that was tasked with providing this information, and so on.
So there could be many checks like that before you accept that Oracles response.
Now keep in mind that the scenario here displays one oracle,
but really that one oracle represents n Oracles?
So it has to repeat that process for any number of oracles that are providing data.
In the Smart Contract,
when you are using multiple Oracles you will need to build in
rules for how to handle data that is different between Oracles,
you also have to handle what is the threshold of crust,
and what point do you consider that
the data is good and you can move on and process that data.
So typically, there will be a threshold similar to
the multi-sig and multi-party consensus that was discussed in a prior lesson,
where there's an m of n kind of scenario.
So once you reach a certain threshold,
the smart contract will then process that data and potentially emit another event.
In this case, it would emit the flight status information it
received which would be consumed by a client and displayed.
But, another thing it could also do is trigger an internal process.
For example, in the case of the flight status data,
it would pay out any passengers that were due money if the flight had been delayed.
So that's the overall scenario that we have here
in the architecture of our Smart Contract,
and that's exactly what we are going to work on building through the exercises.
So before we get into the exercises, let's take a quiz.
What is the primary difference between civil and cartel attacks?